Add static instrumentation option into documentation (#32763)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/additional-tools/dotnet-coverage.md

D:\serverexample\server>
```

## Static code coverage for managed assemblies

The dotnet-coverage tool can be used to collect code coverage for managed assemblies using static instrumentation. There are three different methods available that you can use. To demonstrate, let's assume we have a simple C# console application:

```console
D:\examples\ConsoleApp> dotnet run
Hello, World!
```

> ### Using only collect command with with include files option or configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use collect command with include files option or configuration
```

Microsoft (R) Code Coverage Command Line Tool (x64)
Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

SessionId: 57862ec0-e512-49a5-8b66-2804174680fc
Hello, World!
Code coverage results: output.coverage.
```

You can also specify files to be instrumented using configuration as follows:

```xml
<ModulePaths>
  <IncludeDirectories>
    <Directory>D:\examples\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\net7.0</Directory>
  </IncludeDirectories>
</ModulePaths>
```

### Using instrument and collect commands

In this case, first binary needs to be instrumented as follows:

```console
D:\examples\ConsoleApp> dotnet-coverage instrument .\bin\Debug\net7.0\ConsoleApp.dll
Microsoft (R) Code Coverage Command Line Tool (x64)
Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

Input file successfully instrumented.
```

Then you can collect code coverage as follows:

```console
D:\examples\ConsoleApp> dotnet-coverage collect .\bin\Debug\net7.0\ConsoleApp.exe
Microsoft (R) Code Coverage Command Line Tool (x64)
Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

SessionId: a09e6bef-ff64-4b5f-8bb8-fc495ebb50ba
Hello, World!
Code coverage results: output.coverage.
```

> ### Using instrument command and collect command in server mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use the instrument and collect commands in server mode
```
